[docs] [CDCSDK] Documentation for CDC GA (#15225)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/integrations/cdc/debezium.md

docker run -it --rm --name consumer --link zookeeper:zookeeper --link kafka:kafka debezium/kafka:1.7 \
watch-topic -a dbserver1.public.test
```

## Other examples

> To explore other examples on the usage of CDC, visit our [examples repository on GitHub](https://github.com/yugabyte/cdc-examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explore other examples on the usage of CDC, refer to [CDC examples](https://github.com/yugabyte/cdc-examples).
```

> To explore other examples on the usage of CDC, visit our [examples repository on GitHub](https://github.com/yugabyte/cdc-examples).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To explore other examples on the usage of CDC, visit the [examples repository on GitHub](https://github.com/yugabyte/cdc-examples).
```
